||http://spacesquad.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/promoimages/Advantages.png||The squad customization screen allows you to choose which upgrades you want to outfit your squad with.  Be careful though, each advantage increases the cost of your ships meaning you can afford less spare replacements (extra lives).  The 'Can Afford' count shows how many you can afford including the 4 you start each level with.||
||_(Some advantages are locked until you achieve certain levels at certain difficulties)_||
==1. Enhanced Fire Power==
Gives your two lead ships rapid fire (red) and two dual fire(yellow).  Rapid fire is cumulative with all alternative weapons except laser.

==2. Squad Shields==
Your initial squad and all replacement ships warp in with shields which prevent damage from a single bullet or collision.  On collision with larger enemies your ship will be bounced back as its shield breaks.

==3. Cluster Missiles==
Upgrades your two lead ships with a powerful cluster projectile which detonates when in near proximity of an enemy craft releasing 3 deadly fragments.

==4. Gravitation Device==
Upgrades your two lead ships with a graviton field which pushes incoming ships back.  Ships travelling at speed and bosses will be affected less by this field.

==5. Stealth==
Your ships will periodically fade into the shadows becoming immune to bullets and collisions with enemy craft.  Stealthed ships are still vulnerable to beam weapons.

==6. Side Cannons==
Your squad will begin with two additional smaller ships armed with the same standard cannon as normal ships.  These cannons can be destroyed but are replaced each time you loose a ship and a replacement has to be warped in.

==7. Beam Laser==
Upgrades your lead ship with a powerful beam weapon which makes short work of powerful enemies and instantly destroys weaker enemy craft.  The powerful beam can also destroy terrain but beware, you will also destroy your own ships if you divide them and cross the beam path.

==8. Homing==
Upgrades your basic squad cannons with homing bullets. That quickly lock on to any nearby enemy target.  This advantage will affect both the normal cannon and dual firing mode but not any special weapons such as cluster missiles or beam lasers.